<center>
<h1>BoxOS</h1>
<h2>Main Features</h2>
<p>Box(OS) is a personal assistant like Siri, Google Now, and Cortana. However, one of the two main differences is that unlike most personal assistants, Box is web-based. What this means is that when a user goes to use Box, there is no wait time for it to download or load (only internet connection wait time). This thus gives the user a fast personal assistant. Additionally, one of the most important features that differentiates Box from other personal assistants is its blank database! This might sound like it is an act of laziness from us, the develepors, but it is not. What this blank database does is it allows the user to "program" Box to their way, eliminating any questions they believe would be unvaluable to them and add questions that are valuable to him or her.</p>
<h2>Other Features</h2>
<p>Some other important features of Box(OS) are the text to speech, and speech to text (along with the regular text to text and speech to speech). Box uses a voice and speech interpreter from another Repo to help it udnerstand what the user is saying, and to talk back to the user. Additionally, Box lso allows the user to upload txt files into its database. The txt file does have to be <strong>COMMA DELIMITED</strong>, with the first half being questions, and the second half being answers that match up. This is similar to the user adding a mod to Box like they would in a game or something else. Last but not least, all of this is stored in local storage, which is dedicated storage space for multiple websites.</p>
</center>
